welcome to the world of cool sport and
cool sport products cool sport is a
manufacturer specializing in personal
body cooling products for the Prevention
of heat stress whether your body cooling
needs are medical industrial for sports
and recreation or other use cool sport
is here to meet your personal cooling
needs
when unpacking your cool vest be sure to
consult the instruction sheet that comes
included with your garment your
instruction sheet contains valuable
information regarding the care and use
of your new vest also be sure to consult
the material safety data sheet and
literature that accompanies your vest
school packs while the material within
the cool packs is safe and non-toxic
prolonged contact with a ruptured packs
chemicals may pose a slight risk of skin
and eye irritation the material safety
sheet contains advice should this occur
after unpacking your cool packs use an
old cloth or paper towel to remove any
residual chemical from the cool packs
that may have been left over from the
manufacturing process afterwards discard
the cloth or paper towel and plastic
bags in a waste receptacle remember to
keep used plastic bags away from small
children and pets
you
here you can see unfrozen cool packs
being placed into a bath of ice water
phase change material cool packs freeze
solid at 65 degrees Fahrenheit so you
can expect that they will be completely
frozen in 20 minutes as you can see in
the few seconds that the packs were in
ice water they've begun to change phase
will place them back into the ice bath
for 20 minutes 20 minutes later you can
see as we remove the packs from the ice
bath that they have completely changed
phase into their solid state wiping them
off of the dry cloth is a good idea
prior to inserting the packs into your
garment packs may also be frozen in a
refrigerator or freezer but may take a
bit longer a small cooler filled with
ice water may be used while you're on
the road as with the previous
demonstration the packs will freeze
within 20 minutes if ice water is
unavailable to you pre frozen cool packs
may be stored and transported in a well
insulated container
properly insulated they will remain
frozen for many hours prior to use
when outdoors it is important not to
leave your cool packs exposed to direct
sunlight for very long as ultraviolet
rays will harm the plastic and shorten
the lifetime of your product
here we have cool sports concealable
model the cool vest light to install the
packs you can begin by undoing the
straps on one side of the garment
each pack has its own pocket there are
four in total
you
for cool sports cool vest classic pack
installation begins by unfastening the
zipper as with the cool best light each
pack has its own interior pocket
when donning the cool vest light model
it is easiest if you start with the side
straps on fastened on one side then
after placing the best over your head
you can secure the side straps starting
from the bottom to top adjust the straps
so that the garment is snug against your
upper torso
for shorter individuals the cool vest
light is equipped with adjustable
shoulder straps to shorten the garment
unfasten the side straps on one side
followed by the shoulder strap the
shoulder strap can then be pulled
downward and secured to one of the hook
and loop fastener strips beneath after
the shoulder strap is secured in this
fashion the side straps can be
reattached overtop the shoulder strap
you can repeat these steps for the other
side another tip to consider although
cool packs can be worn directly against
the skin without frostbite cool sport
recommends wearing a light t-shirt under
the vest for hygiene purposes
donning the cool vest classic is as
simple as putting on a jacket
after fastening the zipper you can
tighten the garment to fit snugly by
adjusting these side straps
when laundering any of cool sports
cooling vests it is important to remove
the cooling packs from the garments and
that any zippers or straps are securely
fastened prior to washing use a non
bleaching laundry detergent
for automatic washers make sure to set
the dial to the delicate cycle garments
should always be allowed to line dry and
never placed in a conventional gas or
electric dryer please remember as with
any product learn to stay within the
parameters of intended design your cool
vest can be a useful tool for preventing
heat stress and maintaining a safe body
core temperature when used in
conjunction with good common sense and
taking the necessary precautions know
your limits when engaging in strenuous
exercise or working in high heat
conditions
parents should always consult the family
doctor or pediatrician before children
or toddlers use a cool vest in the event
there are any recommended precautions
remember to take frequent breaks as
necessary stay properly hydrated by
drinking plenty of water and we're
lightly colored clothing or even a hat
when under the Sun in high humidity or
enclosed work areas proper ventilation
is important so use fans or open doors
and windows as needed also remember
never to use your cool vest near open
sparks or flame without OSHA approved
fire retardant clothing overtop your
vest thank you for your time for more
information on heat stress safety and
how the body cools visit our website at
wwlp.com
you